feat(cli): Add sign and verify sub commands to the account command (#2909)
AleoHQ/snarkOS: README.md

- Before running the command above (`snarkos account new`) try `source ~/.bashrc`
- Also double-check the spelling of `snarkos`. Note the directory is `/snarkOS`, and the command is `snarkos`

### 4. How do I use the CLI to sign and verify a message?

1. Generate an account with `snarkos account new` if you haven't already
2. Sign a message with your private key using `snarkos account sign --raw -m "Message" --private-key-file=<PRIVATE_KEY_FILE>`
3. Verify your signature with `snarkos account verify --raw -m "Message" -s sign1SignatureHere -a aleo1YourAccountAddress`

> Note, using the `--raw` flag with the command will sign plaintext messages as bytes rather than [leo](https://leo-lang.org/) values such as `1u8` or `100field`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, using the `--raw` flag with the command will sign plaintext messages as bytes rather than [Aleo](https://developer.aleo.org/aleo/language#data-types-and-values) values such as `1u8` or `100field`.
```
